Add Code Style and Contributing guides, along with a ModelGroup template. (#476)
KhronosGroup/glTF-Asset-Generator: CONTRIBUTING.md

  + Each model added creates another row. Having too many rows in a table makes it difficult to read due to needing scrolling too much to view the entire model group's readme. Consider splitting the model group into two or more that are closely related.
  + Each property being tested adds another column, and usually adds another model as well. Having too many columns results in results in github's markdown squishing the table to make everything fit.

+ Clearly identify models that are designed to fail to load. (Negative tests) 
  + A client that is conformant with the glTF 2.0 spec is expected to successfully render any model created by the glTF Asset Generator, unless explicitly noted otherwise. 
  + If a model (or entire group of models) are not expected to load on a conformant client, then the model(s) must be marked as such in the readme and manifest.

## Setting Up The glTF Asset Generator In Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
1. Use `git clone https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF-Asset-Generator.git` to download the repro.
2. [Install and launch VS Code.](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)

> 3. Open the local copy of the repro in VS Code.

Reviewer: I don't know what is going on here, but it doesn't format correctly. In general, using numbered formatting with bullet children doesn't seem to work properly.

Edit: Apparently, you need to use 4 spaces instead of 2: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18088955/markdown-continue-numbered-list

# Contributing to the glTF Asset Generator 

> The following is a reference on how to add a new set of tests, as well as setting expectations on general practices we want the code in this repro to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a reference on how to add a new set of tests.
```

## Best Practices
+ Code is as readable as possible. 

>   + We anticipate developers that encounter issues with the models generated by this code will want to look into the code to see how that model is put together. Because of this, we emphasize intuitive code flow, usage of comments, and general readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Developers that encounter issues with the models generated by this code will want to look into the code to see how that model is put together.
```

>   + Don't remove properties when creating a model. To reduce potential confusion, we'd prefer properties to only be added during the creation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Prefer adding properties to removing properties when creating a model to reduce complexity.
```

Author: Using "Prefer" like this makes it an incomplete sentence. How about this instead

`By default, add properties instead of removing properties when creating a model to reduce code complexity.`

  + Each property being tested adds another column, and usually adds another model as well. Having too many columns results in results in github's markdown squishing the table to make everything fit.

+ Clearly identify models that are designed to fail to load. (Negative tests) 
  + A client that is conformant with the glTF 2.0 spec is expected to successfully render any model created by the glTF Asset Generator, unless explicitly noted otherwise. 
  + If a model (or entire group of models) are not expected to load on a conformant client, then the model(s) must be marked as such in the readme and manifest.

## Setting Up The glTF Asset Generator In Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
1. Use `git clone https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF-Asset-Generator.git` to download the repro.
2. [Install and launch VS Code.](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
3. Open the local copy of the repro in VS Code.
  1. Select `Explorer` from the sidebar.
  2. Select `Open Folder`.
  3. Select the location of the `glTF-Asset-Generator` folder.

> 4. Install the extension `C# for VS Code (powered by OmniSharp)`. There will likely be a popup prompt to take this action.

Reviewer: Add a link perhaps? https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.csharp

  + After installation, either relaunch VS Code or reload the extension. 
5. Press F5 or select `Start Debugging` from the debug menu.

### Setting Up Model Screenshots And Other Images

> Screenshots are generated in a step seperatly from running the glTF Asset Generator, which also includes the moving of textures and figures into the output folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screenshots are generated in a step separately from running the glTF Asset Generator, which also includes the moving of textures and figures into the output folders.
```

This is done to speed up debugging. The creation of screenshots is a lengthy process and often the screenshots are not needed until the majority of debugging has been completed.
1. Download the [ScreenshotGenerator](https://github.com/kcoley/screenshotGenerator)
  + Please follow the directions in that repro's readme on how to build the generator.
  + Place the folder containing the Screenshot Generator inside of the glTF-Asset-Generator directory `.\glTF-Asset-Generator\ScreenshotGenerator\`
2. Run the PowerShell script [SampleImageHelper.ps1](SampleImageHelper.ps1)

### Common Errors

> + The error message `Configured debug type 'coreclr' is encountered when debugging in VS Code 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The error message `Configured debug type 'coreclr'` is encountered when debugging in VS Code 
```

  + This is caused by debugging without `C# for VS Code (powered by OmniSharp)` being correctly installed and loaded.
  + Be sure to reload the extension after installing it, or relaunching VS Code.
+ Error message encountered while debugging `Unhandled Exception: System.UnauthorizedAccessException: Access to the path is denied.`
  + A file could not be overwritten. 
  + Check that the file isn't open in another program and that it isn't set to readonly.
+ Error message encountered while debugging `An unhandled exception of type 'System.IO.IOException' occurred in System.IO.FileSystem.dll: 'The requested operation cannot be performed on a file with a user-mapped section open'`
    + Encountered when running the debugger again too quickly after having just run it.
    + Wait a few seconds longer between debugging sessions to allow the OS to release its locks on the files. 

## Steps to Creating a New Model Group

> The sections below detail the specifics of each of the following steps. 

Reviewer: This line doesn't add any information.
```suggestion
```

Be careful to only modify the objects and not replace them! If the object is set equal to a new object, then the ref will point at a new object instead of updating the desired object. Instead only modify values of the object, or work with lists of objects.

At the bottom of the model group `GenerateUsedPropertiesList()` is called. This is used in creating the model group readme and won't need to be modified.

### Typical Model Group
+ The first model has no properties set and is intended to be used as a control during testing.
+ The last model has all properties set (as possible) and is intended as a quick test of having combinations of properties set.
+ Other models are either individual properties being set, or combinations of interest (ones that are likely to interact and cause issues).

### Runtime Layer
The [Runtime layer](Source/Runtime) is a group of classes that are used to represent the glTF model as an object. It also has the functions for converting that object into a glTF file.
+ It is often easier to modify the individual classes separately, and then combine them together into a Runtime.GLTF object only after all of the other changes have been made.

> + When manipulating lists, create the desired list outside of the Runtime layer and only set the Runtime layer collection after the list values have been changed. This is to avoid calls like `MeshPrimitives.ElementAt(2)` in favor of `MeshPrimitives[2]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When manipulating lists, create a separate list variable and assign to the enumerable property at the end. This is to avoid calls like `MeshPrimitives.ElementAt(2)` in favor of `MeshPrimitives[2]`.
```

Readme columns are ordered based on the int value for `PropertyName` enums in the [Property](Source/Property.cs) class.
If having a property name doesn't make sense, use `Description` as the enum and use an explanatory string as the value.

## Post Runtime Changes
There are some specific types of models that the [Runtime layer](Source/Runtime) isn't setup to create. For these cases there is an option to make post Runtime tweaks, specifically for cases when it doesn't make sense to make the changes to the Runtime code to do the same thing.

Steps to add Post Runtime Changes
1. Add `Action<glTFLoader.Schema.Gltf> postRuntimeChanges = null` to `CreateModel()` properties
2. Add this block of code to `CreateModel()` after the model is created.
```C#
if (postRuntimeChanges != null)
{
    model.PostRuntimeChanges = postRuntimeChanges;
}
```
3. Add the change that will be made post runtime and call it as a part of the anonymous method that sets the model's properties.
```C#
CreateModel((properties, material) => {
	// Set normal model properties here
	properties.Add(new Property(PropertyName.Description, "Model with post runtime changes"));

> }, (gltf) => {gltf.Scenes.First().Nodes = new []{0,}; }),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}, (gltf) => { gltf.Scenes.First().Nodes = new[] { 0 }; }),
```

  + A client that is conformant with the glTF 2.0 spec is expected to successfully render any model created by the glTF Asset Generator, unless explicitly noted otherwise. 
  + If a model (or entire group of models) are not expected to load on a conformant client, then the model(s) must be marked as such in the readme.
  + Models that are not valid need the `Valid` bool set to false, even if they are not necessarily expected to fail to load. See "Flag Model as Not Valid" in [Advanced Contributing](Documents/Adding_Models_Advanced.md).

## Common Errors
+ The error message `Configured debug type 'coreclr'` is encountered when debugging in VS Code 
  + This is caused by debugging without [C# for VS Code (powered by OmniSharp)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.csharp) being correctly installed and loaded.
  + Be sure to reload the extension after installing it, or relaunching VS Code.
+ Error message encountered while debugging `Unhandled Exception: System.UnauthorizedAccessException: Access to the path is denied.`
  + A file could not be overwritten. 
  + Check that the file isn't open in another program and that it isn't set to readonly.

> + Error message encountered while debugging `An unhandled exception of type 'System.IO.IOException' occurred in System.IO.FileSystem.dll: 'The requested operation cannot be performed on a file with a user-mapped section open'`

Author: Probably could be solved with a try/wait catch of some sort. I've added #481.
